In the second bracket, #2,
the most anticipated competitor...
Tokai Teio!
This feeling...
Welcome back, Teio.
Teio...
If I race on her terms,
I don't stand a chance.
I need to run so that she's
never able to catch up.
Ikuno Dictus!
Since your name's so long, can
we just call cheer for "Ikuno"?
Wouldn't "Dictus" make more sense?
Why don't we mix it up and go with Ikutus?
I like that!
Ikutus!
I do not care.
And McQueen shocks us all
by coming in second place!
Daitaku Helios
I was able to beat Mejiro McQueen.
I can beat Tokai Teio, too!
You better get psyched for this, Teio!
Yeah!
It's been about ten months. How's it feel
to be on the turf again after so long?
It feels really great!
I can't wait to get started!
I guess we don't need to worry, then.
I'm gonna be running against
McQueen in the Tennoushou,
so I can't lose in a race like this!
Then, by all means, show me how you run, Teio.
Yeah! I'm gonna head out, then!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 4
TM Showdown!
Teio!
Go!
Ikuno Dictus is currently leading the pack,
keeping a good distance ahead!
Ikuno Dictus!
What happened to the name
you just came up with?
I want to get further away, but...
Teio!
She seems to be having a really
smooth race out there.
Seriously.
I don't want to lose! Just a little more!
Tokai Teio is in third place and holding!
She hasn't made her move yet!
Tokai Teio is biding her time!
Forget about the
runners in front of her!
Okay.
Tokai Teio!
Here we go, ladies and gentlemen!
Tokai Teio is moving up on the outside!
She's entered her spurt down
the final straightaway!
My legs feel so light.
Yeah, I can win this!
Please, stop making this look so easy!
And Tokai moves into the lead with ease!
She's leaving all the others behind!
Go!
Is she...
Tokai Teio is running uncontested!
The Tennoushou is shaping up
to be an incredible race!
And Tokai Teio has cleared
the goal like it was nothing!
She's back! Tokai Teio has truly returned!
Teio-san looked like she had
plenty of effort to spare!
She's not even a little tired!
And she still dominated...
That's totally nuts!
What could be...
Excuse me, but isn't she faster
than she was before her injury?
Hosoe-san, this makes the Tennoushou
that much more exciting, doesn't it?
She'll be going up against Mejiro McQueen,
who's got a ton of momentum right now.
She's...
On a totally different level!
UMA SPORTS
THE LEGEND OF TEIO THE UNDEFEATED
Y-You've got a point...
Tokai
Teio
returns
to
the
turf
in
new
racing
gear
A win overwhelming enough to frustrate all competitors!
Sure seems that way.
Her knees and ankles are so
remarkably flexible and springy
that it gives her excessive amounts
of accelerative potential!
She's not bad.
She won the Osaka Hai without much trouble.
TENNOUSHOU (SPRING)
MAJOR SPECULATION
TOKAI TEIO
MEJIRO MCQUEEN
And in the Spring Tennoushou,
we're looking at the undefeated Tokai Teio
versus Mejiro McQueen, who will
be looking for a repeat win.
A clash like this is something
anyone would be excited for.
Oh, wow! There've been specials
about it all morning.
Really makes you feel like
it's all about those two.
Yeah!
Could you please not stare?
Before the Tennoushou is next
week's Satsukishou, right?
G
r
a
s
W
o
n
d
e
r
The Satsukishou!
There's going to be a very exciting
horse girl running in it!
E
l
C
o
n
d
o
r
P
a
s
Who's that?
Mihono Bourbon!
Oh, Bourbon-san!
She's supposed to be very fast!
M
i
h
o
n
B
o
u
r
b
o
n
She's going to be taking on the
Classics undefeated.
Just like Tokai Teio did!
It's really impressive!
As class representative, I can give you
the exact advice you need, Bourbon-san!
S
a
k
u
r
a
B
k
u
s
h
i
n
O
I'm 100% sure that your speed is
best suited for short distances!
You'd make the perfect rival to compete
with me over who's the fastest!
Why don't you join me as we dash to see
what lies beyond the limits of speed?!
My master's orders were to become
a Triple Crown horse girl.
Your master? Who's that?
Do you work at a café?
I have to turn down your suggestion.
But why?! Your class representative
wants to compete with you!
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Best Value
I've been working hard so I can enter a
big race like the Tennoushou, too, but...
M
e
j
i
r
o
P
a
l
m
e
r
I just can't seem to get any attention.
M
e
i
s
h
o
D
t
o
Is there any hope?
What exactly am I lacking?
I shall look into your future.
Is there any hope?
A partner...
Yeah?
The presence of a partner is a necessity!
Like, someone friendly to compete against?
There's some hope?!
I don't know where I'm supposed
to find a partner, though.
D
a
i
t
a
k
u
H
e
l
i
o
s
I'm so done!
My whole life is over!
I don't even care what happens
to the world anymore!
This is a can of Campbell's sucks!
Wh-What's wrong?
Milady...
Milady's being ice cold to me!
Your lady?!
I-I don't really follow yet, but if you're
having trouble, we can talk about it.
I know, right?!
If I get started on her,
it's gonna take a while. Is that cool?
Sure! Don't worry about it!
McThanks!
Mick... what now?
It means "thank you." Did you not know that?
N-No. Sorry...
OMG...
OMG?
Hey, this is Beckenbesides, but do you
know what "Floridya later" means?
Can we start with what "Beckenbesides" means?!
I dunno how I can talk about this
stuff unless you know what I mean.
I'm sorry.
Oh well, then...
First, I'm gonna teach you how
all the cool people talk!
All right, make sure to clean
up for tomorrow, okay?
So do you, like, know any
kind of slang at all?
Okay.
Now, then...
Uh, I've heard "XL" before...
What does "XL" mean?!
That didn't take long.
It's not slang?!
Did I say you could rest?
Two more laps. Get moving.
R-Right!
Bourbon...
Sir?
The Satsukishou's 200 meters longer
than the last race you ran.
Yes, sir.
Give me three more laps on the sloping track.
As you wish, Master.
It's a bit more crowded than usual, isn't it?
It makes me kind of nervous!
Okay, you want me to chase them off?
Don't. Think of this as
training to focus,
no matter what kind of
distractions there are.
Are you going to be okay?
I tend to do better when
I'm being watched, anyway.
It won't be a problem.
One other thing—Teio and
McQueen are going to be
running different training
regimens from now on.
You two are competing at the Tennoushou.
Until that's over, you probably
shouldn't be too friendly.
You'll want to work on your weaknesses,
and come up with a winning strategy.
I understand.
You're right.
Starting today, I'm not
gonna talk to McQueen.
A good idea.
I guess you have to!
Since this is a serious competition!
So what's my training look like?
You're gonna need these, Teio.
Jogging shoes?
And these are for McQueen.
Heavy...
Heavy
Strategy Meeting
S
h
i
n
e
O
n
!
C
a
n
o
p
u
s
!
When it comes to Teio, everyone
knows the Teio Step, right?
Strategy Meeting
There's a chance that it's
an exercise for boosting the
flexibility of her knees and ankles.
You really think so?
The Teio Step is easy, anyway!
Hup!
All right, here I go!
It's just like this...
Everyone, what's all the noise...
What happened to you?!
Ow, ow, ow...
I swear, we're gonna take Spica down...
The Spring Tennoushou is 3,200 meters.
You've never run a race that long before.
So you need the endurance to
handle the extra distance!
Heavy
So heavy!
What the hell's this horseshoe made of? Lead?
Those were the orders from Trainer-san.
It's when you're feeling
worn out that you need
to bring your knees up and
take a big step forward.
And to do that, you need hindquarters
that can stand up to fatigue!
Teio's greatest weapon is her explosive
power during the final straight.
I need to create hindquarters that
are able to compete with hers.
That's really something!
What's up, McQueen?
What? You need something?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Seriously, what are you looking at, huh?
Today is the first race of the
Triple Crown Classics, the Satsukishou.
All eyes are focused on Mihono Bourbon.
She will be entering the
Satsukishou undefeated,
just like last year's winner, Tokai Teio.
I say we start with cheese tapioca.
And then salmon roe tapioca.
I want carrot tapioca!
Teio-san!
Okay...
Would you like to join us, Teio-san?
Yeah, let's hang out.
Can't. Not dressed for it.
Well, the Tennoushou is next week.
McQueen-san...
McQueen, you want in on this tapi...o...ca?
Makes sense.
I'm not going out anymore.
Two of our teammates are giving
up their days off to train.
I can't just sip on bubble tea
like nothing's going on.
Good point.
Yeah. Let's help them with their training!
Today's star competitor is going to be
running in the Satsukishou undefeated.
And here's Mihono Bourbon!
This is brutal!
You've been running up this hill every day?!
Sure have! Trainer's orders.
You've never run a 3,200 meter
race before, have you, Vodka?
Hell no! You haven't either, right, Scarlet?
Of course not!
I have no idea how you'd pace yourself!
But McQueen won the Tennoushou last year.
And the Hanshin Daishoten,
which is 3,000 meters.
H-Hey, wait up!
Seriously, don't land on me!
If you land on me with those horseshoes,
you'll gouge my back out!
It's fine.
How, exactly?!
Here we go.
Ready, and...
Wow! I'm amazed you can jump
in such heavy horseshoes!
This is terrifying!
Do you really need me?!
Teio has never lost.
If it helps me defeat an undefeated horse girl,
then this is a small price.
Hey, the donut truck!
Oh, my.
Are you okay, Gold Ship-san?!
Ready, and...
Machikane Tannhäuser!
Her name's kinda long, huh?
Perhaps just "Tannhäuser."
No! What about "Machitan"?
We could just call her "Macchy."
Does it matter?
Nah, I like mine, it sounds
like a world champ!
Keep up... Keep up...
Mihono Bourbon's strength is
thought to be short distances,
but going into this race, she's been
undertaking intensive slope training.
Her trainer Kuronuma's philosophy
is that speed is a natural gift,
while stamina can be compensated
for with training.
Is that so?
It sounds like she'll be heading into the
Classics ready to tear up those hills!
Mihono Bourbon, huh? Seems like stronger
and stronger horse girls keep showing up.
Will she be able to follow in the
footsteps of Tokai Teio
and take the Satsukishou while undefeated?
They're talking about you, Teio!
I was really sure that I was
gonna win the Satsukishou!
What about this time, then?
This time?
The gate is open and the race has begun.
Mihono Bourbon's off to a good start.
Huh, that's a nice start.
Mihono Bourbon has never lost before, either.
She's just like Teio-san!
I wonder if that adds to the pressure.
Mihono Bourbon is out in front
of 16 other horse girls!
Will she remain in first place all the
way through to the end of the race?
I didn't know Bourbon-chan was this fast!
There's definitely some pressure.
I didn't know you ever felt pressure.
It's surprising.
But I think a race without
pressure wouldn't be any fun.
I think I feel more pressure about the
Tennoushou than I did about the Derby.
Which is why I'm looking
forward to it more, too!
You already won last time, McQueen-san,
so I doubt you feel much pressure at all.
Teio wasn't running in
the Tennoushou when I won.
She is without a doubt a better racer
than any other that I've faced before.
Which definitely is a source of pressure,
but getting melodramatic
about it serves no purpose.
You're pretty tough, McQueen.
Really!
Less than 200 meters to go!
The gap has grown from two lengths to three!
Mihono Bourbon is in the lead!
She is looking seriously, incredibly strong!
Mihono Bourbon manages to outrun
them all and cross the goal!
She takes the Satsukishou while undefeated!
Machikane Tannhäuser...
What happened to the other names?
Damn, Mihono Bourbon!
You can compensate for
stamina with training...
Okay, break's over! One more time!
You're not done yet?!
H-Hang on!
Now, Gold Ship,
place your hands on your knees.
You sure about this?
It's even higher than before!
This would be no problem
at all with Teio's knees.
One hundred reps, let's begin.
Teio...
Not a damn word, Spe! I swear!
You'll distract McQueen!
She's not even there?!
You two!
Would you like some donuts?!
Oh, my.
Are you okay, Gold Ship-san?!
Are you aiming for the undefeated Triple Crown
that Tokai Teio was unable to achieve?
Yes. Those are Master's orders,
and I will carry them out.
Now, one more time!
Tennoushou
(Spring)
Press
Conference
This weekend is the long-awaited
Spring Tennoushou.
First, Tokai Teio-san, this is going
to be the first TM race ever,
and all of Japan is excited.
A TM race? Not an MT?
Do you have any comments
heading into the race?
Are they favoring Teio?
Well, I've never lost before!
And that's not gonna change,
even against McQueen!
Mejiro McQueen-san, you won the
Spring Tennoushou last year.
What are your chances this year?
More than sufficient.
I have no intention of losing to Teio.
I'm ready to run to the ends of the earth!
Then I'll simply run to the heavens!
I'm definitely gonna win!
I shall be the winner!
I assure you all, I'll win!
I'm telling you, it's me!
Just watch!
T VS M: RACE OF THE MILLENNIUM
IT'S FINALLY HAPPENING!
THE UNDEFEATED HORSE GIRL TOKAI TEIO VS MEJIRO MCQUEEN IN HER ATTEMPT FOR A CONSECUTIVE WIN!
Are we looking at the first ever
undefeated winner of the Tennoushou?
And does the crowd favor Tokai Teio?
Tennoushou (Spring)
The Undefeated
Tokai Teio
Reigning Champ
Mejiro McQueen
Anticipation is rising all over the country!
Tennoushou (Spring)
The match of the millennium
is drawing ever closer!
Tennoushou (Spring)
The Undefeated
Tokai Teio
Reigning Champ
Mejiro McQueen
Wha?!
THE UNDEFEATED HORSE GIRL
TOKAI TEIO
Uma Sports
THE HORSE GIRL WHO
WOULD BE THE
UNDEFEATED
TENNOUSHOU WINNER
RUNNING TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH!!!
Good work, Teio.
Prez!
I see. Your trainer's orders, then?
I've never been in a race longer
than 2,400 meters, after all.
It's true. The distance is
an advantage for McQueen.
Yeah. But...
I've just never been in a long race before.
We don't know if I'm any good at it or not.
True.
The TV and papers seem to
think I've got the edge,
but I'm thinking of myself as
the challenger in this race.
Mihono Bourbon proved it, after all.
The limits of stamina can be
overcome through training!
That's the spirit.
I wasn't able to become an undefeated
Triple Crown horse girl.
But I can keep being undefeated!
That's right. Keep rising
to the challenge, Teio!
Yeah!
I know! If I win the Tennoushou,
come with me to karaoke again!
Fair enough.
Excuse me... Grandmother,
have you seen the news today?
I have.
In print and on television,
it's Teio this, Teio that...
I'm honestly shocked at the
public's impression of the race.
I was shocked after seeing you at
the press conference, personally.
I read you the tale of the tortoise
and the hare as a child, didn't I?
Y-You did.
Do you understand how the tortoise won?
The rabbit was looking at the tortoise.
But the tortoise was looking at the goal.
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
Having a rival is important.
But there should be something
more important than that.
It's all right, Grandmother. I will not lose!
I can do this!
You can do this!
I've got treats!
Oh, my.
Are you okay, Gold Ship-san?!
The Spring Tennoushou is about to begin!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm